what kind of guys is unknown player here
and today I'm bringing you some gameplay
of the brand-new Guttenberg sweeper
which is the new weapon added in the
Valentine's Day DLC pack for GTA 5 and
GTA online so it is in both
single-player and online mode in online
mode it's actually pretty expensive
obviously to get the weapon you will
need to go to your ammunation as you
normally would and it's gonna be on the
DLC you all the big blank wall where
they're gonna be adding all the future
weapons to the game and then once you do
you have to go over and I believe it's
like 14 grand which is pretty expensive
but then this weapon is essentially the
tommy gun are very mobster mafia type
gun and this is all in the theme of the
Valentine's Day Massacre DLC pack which
is now available on Xbox and I believe
also PlayStation as well but err yeah
once you buy this weapon the only
attachment you can add is the extended
barrel which kind of extends the clip
has very big clip anyway but er this
extends further you can't add anything
else to the weapon like suppressors or
scopes things like that and then
normally as they're you'd expect with
the DLC weapons you can unlock any camo
for free the gold the platinum the pink
army whatever you like for absolutely
free and you don't have to be at any
level to be able to access these cameras
that's pretty cool as well and so once
you've bought the weapon you'll be able
to find this in the SMG category and
this is basically the Tommy gun or
Thompson but now it's called the
Guttenberg sweeper
because Rockstar Pro don't want to kind
of liken their game to realistic aspects
of kind of real weapons and things like
that but say in the game it's a very
very good weapon to use you can't
actually shoot it out of vehicles it's
not like a drive-by weapon because it's
like a two-handed gun and so you can't
shoot out the windows and things like
that bit in combat it's a very strong
weapon you can see gameplay of me
clearing out a gang hideout here it's
very strong got a very high fire rate in
dispensers and a lot of bullets quickly
very accurate and it's basically just a
standard normal weapon I'm really happy
with it and this might just be my new
go-to submachine gun to use I do like it
a lot and X I like to use the mp5 type
weapon with a suppressor on it to be
like the stealth weapon and this might
be kinda loud aggressive weapon to use I
do like it a lot and it's also very cool
to be able to use with any camera
and I think it's a great addition to the
Valentine's Day DLC so also check out my
other video if you haven't seen it yet
about the new vehicle that was added the
Roosevelt and this guy like a limousine
mobster type car I made a video on that
you click the annotation on screen right
now to be taken to that video or the
link in the description few mobile
viewers and you can watch that and there
these are the two essential pieces of
the Valentine's Day Massacre DLC so
hopefully you enjoyed this video if you
did give a thumbs up and make sure you
subscribe so you don't miss out on any
future videos from me and so hopefully
you enjoyed this video and I'll see ya
later